Episode 2:  Should we try dating?
Here is the kitchen.
Other Italian restaurants need
to boil the pasta.
They always use many pots to boil,
but it's different here.
My hometown is Yeosu.
Be comfortable and use a dialect.
No, I should hurry up and
learn without it.
What's with the unusual noise?
Huh?
He was twenty when he went on a backpacking trip
to Europe and decided to live there.
Learned how to cook pasta there, and our
President scouted him while moving here.
Manager Oh, takes care of regulations
every month.
She used to be an elementary school teacher.
Looks like she has a special relationship with
our President, but we don't know the exact truth.
It hasn't been washed.
Why did you bring it out?
Never call out her name. Never use her name!
Why?
She doesn't like her name,
Jang Young Ja.
Do you know who Jang Young Ja is?
You don't know who
Jang Young Ja is?
No.
How can such a thing serve
as a generation gap?
She's a little impudent to the newbies,
but it shows how truthful she is.
So, it's alright.
She might act like that to you, so
step on her with your age, okay?
Why is she like that to the
new employees?
Girl newbies. She's interested
in the President.
She likes that jerk?
He's a jerk?
No, he can be so.
I think he's cute.
No, if you're talking cute,  the cute one is the chef.
The President is... the President is...
I guess he's good looking.
He's even tall, can do any sports.
He's suave, and he can look sad.
You like the President?
I'm not the only one!
All the girls here do!
Ah, Jeez.
It's not a restaurant. It's a
fan club dedicated to him.
Why are people making
me laugh these days?
Dear, wow!
I love you.
What are you looking at?
What kind of luck do you need for a
husband like that.  Living a life of luxury,
coming to a restaurant that's above $100 per person and
getting a diamond ring that's a size of a bean...
Jealous?
He came with his girlfriend last week.
You still jealous?
Girlfriend?
He's a player.
He brought his wife to the restaurant that he brought his girlfriend to?
Maybe he's sure he won't get caught,
and his wife likes...
Unnie, where are you going?
Hold on. Let me go. I just want to
say one word.
A word, or ten, it's not our problem
to be involved.
Hold on! Let me go,
I'm not butting in.
I just want to say a word. Hold on,
let me go. Gosh, you're so strong.
It's a pitiful sight with you two
and your aprons at the hall.
Hurry up and go into the kitchen!
It's not your concern, Miss Young Ja.
Not my concern?
Not my concern?! This is my hall! How
can I not be concerned?
And from now on call me Captain Jang!
What's up with her?
The name of this ice cream cake, 'Marquise Glace',
was given by King Louis XV of France who named it after his mistress Madame Pompadour.
Pompadour was the most enticing femme fatale in history.
And Louis XV, who was swayed by  his mistress,
through war and extravagance caused the French Revolution.
In short, the mistress and the stupid king screwed the country.
You need to protect your country!
You should not destroy the country.
That is true happiness.
True happiness comes from united country.
A country should not be treated lightly.
You need to protect your country.
Return to your country!
Don't treat your country lightly!
You can never get divorced. Never! Never!
What are you doing now?
You saw everything. Why ask again?
It's not our concern if the customer
is a player or not.
You can live like that President,
but I can't ignore that.
Why? The most hated follower in this world happens to
be a guy who cheats.
The most hated and detested thing
also happens to be a guy who cheats.
The most inhumane thing that I would like to shoot to death, coincidentally, also happens to be a guy who cheats.
What I detest the most is a person who can't differentiate between a professional and personal experience,
losing control of their emotions, and ending up hysterically jumping up and down on the streets.
So if you would like to continue
working here, follow my standpoint.
Per...personal experience?
What do you mean?
What is what?
By chance...
Finish what you were saying...
Fine, if you'd like me to obey, I will.
But President, what if a female customer
is being beaten by a male customer?
Should I continue to be unconcerned?
Don't be involved.
I'll make sure the bastard gets beaten.
Now to welcome our main character!
Our oldest!
Hee Jin's response will be given!
Please welcome her with a round of applause!
I can usually sing really well,
but I can't respond back to your
warm welcome with just a song.
Instead, may I dance for everyone?
Boo! Hee Jin, don't deceive us.
That's right. If you can't dance, then do a strip show!
What kind of a misbehavior is this to a new employee?
Take off what? There's nothing to see.
No,
Young Ja. How do you know if there's something to see or not?
It's  Captain Jang!
Okay, Jang Captain.
How can you know without seeing me taking it off?
Then you're saying, there's something to look at?
That needs to be figured out once it's taken off, doesn't it?
Then will you really take it off?
Why should I?
Then let's call it an end to the welcome party.
Okay, let's leave.
How can he make a person feel so shameful?
What a sweet girl.
You're not upset still, are you?
You can get your order on the left.
Thank you.
What would you like to order?
Cafe latte: 175 kilocalories, one beer can,
20 minutes of inline skating.
Today's coffee: 5 kilocalories,
1/3 of a boiled egg, 5 minutes of kissing.
Fine, I'll stop drinking the latte first!
Stop being stuck to the old boy.
Lose weight and meet again with a new face!
May I have a latte with lots of syrup?
What?
You gain weight with just water.
Are you going to go on a blind date being bloated?
Darn,
Why are there such tasteful things in the world?
It's not that there are a lot of
tasteful things, you just like everything.
You even like dog poop?
Don't know, haven't eaten it.
You need to do well this time.
Not sure if this guy ate something wrong,
but he likes chubby girls like you.
No, you don't know guys well.
Those type of guys always like the skinnier ones.
You crazy? What would I do with
the knowledge of guys at this age?
Anyway, this is all due to my name,
First sister II Young, second sister
Lee Young.
If I were Sam Young, I would have
been married by now.
Mom, did you tell him my name was Kim Hee Jin?
Yes. Yes, I did, so do well.
Born in 1970, Year of the Dog. That puts him in perfect harmony with you.
What? Born in 1970?
He's a total grandfather!
Want me to bring you a chamber pot?
What chamber pot?
You sound like you're living in luxury
to take a dump in a chamber pot!
Good! I'll bring an end to it today!
I'm forgiving because he's handsome.
If he photo-shopped his face, it's over in an minute!
But out of all places why this hotel, like an omen...
Kim Hee Jin?
Yes?
It's me.
I am very sorry.
I couldn't bypass an accident that happened in front of me.
I was impulsively helping them out.
Sorry that I was late. I truly apologize.
No,
a blind date isn't that important compared to a person's life.
What a nice thing you've done.
Doesn't the Seoul City Hall give out commendations?
Thank you for understanding.
I've been attending the society meetings 3 years ago.
I've heard news about you from time to time.
That you've come before, why aren't you attending these days?
Where have you touched up on?
Pardon?
Eyes?
Nose?
Jaw?
My nose and cheek bones.
Where, Japan?
Yes.
Heard Konoshimi  Masaki was good with the nose.
Yes, I got it done by him.
That's good.
Doesn't seem like you need to enlarge your breasts.
I like the natural ones.
The restaurant you own...
I would like to see it sometime.
At our meeting we alreadyf heard through word of mouth about it.
The food is good and the ambiance is excellent.
Especially the desserts are works of art.
Really?
Should I give the patissier a raise?
Please excuse me.
The baker makes who makes breads is the  boulangerie, the pastries, from the patisse and also patisserie,
Chocolate is Chocolatier.
The sweet jam and sugary stuff are Confiserie,
and the ice creams are Glace.
Within those I am a specialist in the
bakery called a Patissier.
My dream is to open up my own shop someday.
Hee Jin's future husband must be lucky,
able to eat a handmade cake and chocolate whenever.
Driving me crazy, him saying Hee Jin
with those lips is so erotic.
Okay! This is it! I'll slide with this vibe.
Dating at a hotel she was dumped
at... how Sam Soon'ish is that?
There's someone in here.
Are you deaf?
I can't see anyone right now
because I was dumped— leave me alone.
What are you doing, lady?
Are you a pervert?
Or are you
guarding the men's restroom?
If you get off the Train8Line, there's
a chocolate store called Michel Chaudun.
The interior of that store is
all covered in chocolate.
For a while after school, I'd go to the store
and  swore to eat every chocolate that was displayed there while studying.
So, did you eat it all?
No, unfortunately except just one.
One? What was that?
The columns.
Perfect! I can drag this along nonstop
until the wedding, Kim Hee Jin!
You can do it!
Aja, aja! AJA!
Sam Soon.
How am I suppose to handle it if you're like this?
You... know this person?
No...
No, I know this person. Our restaurant...
Today's blind meeting was just for formal issues.
We need time.
If we just make up time, we can talk my mother into compliance.
If we can't overcome the age difference, our love would be too vulnerable.
Don't you trust me, Noona?
Noona...?
What's gotten into you, President?
He's from our restaurant...
Stand up.
Let's go directly to Mother now, let's go!
What are you doing?
What are you doing, President?
Let go! Why are you doing this, President? Let me go.
Let go! I said let go. You asshole!
Let go of me! Really...
You crazy psycho!
Are you out of your mind?! Let go!
Are you going to take care of me? Are you?
The situation has been resolved.
Get a hold of yourself, Kim Sam Soon...
I mean Kim Hee Jin.
Aren't you hungry?
Let's go eat somewhere.
Do I look  like a pushover to you?
Do you know what you have done?
You...
...don't have a drop of humanity.
What? Food? You go stuff yourself
and have my severance pay ready, you bastard.
You must be mistaken,
but is there a job that gives a resignation
compensation to a temporary employee?
What kind of a judgment is that? How stingy.
I shouldn't acquaint myself with a person who has no imagination.
The judgments are always beautiful.
Beautiful? My as*...
Can I have a latte with lots of syrup?
Another latte. I don't need the syrup.
Do you usually persuade a person like that?
5% raise.
You even flirted well, very deceitful.
10% raise.
When will you stop making fun of me?
That's final because there's a line of
principle with the employees and me.
A dog's barking somewhere.
Okay fine, a full time employee.
No one has ever become a full time
employee after their temporary phase.
A cow is even mooing.
Then, what can I do?
Should I reverse time? Bring back the guy from earlier?
Yes! Turn back time and bring him
to the same position.
You have to do it.
She really has a unique quality.
I bought the coffee, so you can pay for this.
One round trip please.
One round trip.
What's up with them? Why aren't they getting on?
What on earth did you say? Why didn't they get on?
I told them to help me propose to you.
You're not sorry.
You followed me because it might
interrupt your business, huh?
That's why I am promoting you as a full time employee.
In a world like today,
it's better than a man who might
lose his job anytime soon, right?
Didn't you hear what I was saying?
I want to get married!
Why?
Do you not know?
Of course I wouldn't know. How well do you know me?
It's scary to cross the Pacific Ocean in a rowboat all alone.
Rather than being alone, having another person
would help double the speed of rowing.
Look, it's less frightening although we're up this high,
but if you or I came up all alone, wouldn't it be scary?
I normally don't come near dangerous types of machines.
What a coward.
You don't even drive.
Right now?
Guess what I'm doing.
I'm riding the cable car.
Yes, the Nam San cable car.
After checking in, I came out
because it was so pretty.
Wow it's so pretty here.
Magical.
Of course, I like it here
better than California.
♫Because I didn't forget, there was  bright and innocent laughter.
♫ Because our days which shined  ♫
♫  Are already erased, there are breathless tears. ♫
♫  I appear to be deathly ill. ♫
♫   My beautiful beloved, take my hand.  ♫
♫ Again to me ...♫
Did you hear from them?
He hasn't come in yet?
My daughter isn't home either.
Maybe they'll get married this fall!
Did someone call?
No, nobody called.
What is this?
It's a salt lamp to help purify the air.
It's perfect for those who live alone.
People who live alone? Why?
A human is said to have a peculiar smell
once living alone, even females.
Order me one.
Are you getting it for Mijoo?
She's only 7 years old. You think she needs one?
You're rightf. She still has a milk aroma.
Hello? It's the Seoul Hotel's office.
Yes, please hold on.
It's Mrs. Kim.
Must be about her daughter's blind date.
Mrs.Kim? Yes, this is President Na.
Yes, yes. Excuse me?
It's a name I've never heard of.
Can you hold on Mrs.Kim?
Have you possibly heard of the name
Sam Soon from Jin Hun?
No.
Perhaps he is dating someone?
- I don't think so.
Mrs.Kim, it's my first time
hearing that name.
Why would I set up a blind date if he had a girl?
And I don't want to think of marriage
and dating as two different things.
What did you say?
You haven't canceled what you said earlier.
I would never do such a thing,
so give up.
Plus, don't dream about being forgiven
by using the cable car time as an excuse.
I wouldn't twice think about working beneath a guy
who is convinced he's a half-baked prince and
steps on other people's lives as a hobby.
A half-baked prince?
Even if it's only in a dream, even if it's just for one day,
I want to meet the man who is my fate.
I hate being alone
Tonight,  if you would pour men on the street like the rain.
It's raining men!
I want to meet the man who is my fate.
Lady, get me another bottle of soju,
egg roll, and chicken feet.
Hey, isn't that our half-baked Prince?
What are you staring at?
Don't mind me, Noon-nim.
What Noon-nim? Mister, did you
just call me Noon-nim?
You're older, and you're calling me mister?
It's disturbing.
Mister, once a guy graduates high school,
they're all named, 'Mister'.
You're not even my boss.
Whose decision is that?
You can come in freely but can't once you leave.
Are you some kind of a family clique? Huh?
Lady, how long are you staying like this?
Share the table with the guy!
Huh?
Don't you see there's no table left?
Stop talking nonsense and go sit with her.
Lady, who said I'm sharing the table?
You have a weird personality.
It seemed like he was apologizing.
Give it up. What are you doing with the guy?
I'm going insane. Lady!
THAT ISN'T MY BOYFRIEND.
You're not?
No, I am. We even locked lips earlier.
Stop joking.With a cute boyfriend
like that, I would carry him on my back.
Don't get into arguments and be nice to each other.
Blossoming spring isn't always around.
Look what you did. She mistook me as an old fox.
He still isn't picking up?
Yes, it's still turned off.
Brat, I can clearly see through his acting.
It might not be acting.
If it isn't acting...?
If it were acting, wouldn't it be a typical name?
Sam Soon isn't a common name to use.
Then you're saying, he must be
dating a girl named Sam Soon?
Any possibility.
We should be open-minded.
Ah my head...
The name has double S. It might be hard to pronounce.
Kim Sam Soon.
Ah my head...
So what I'm saying is, the world
might revolve around prime elites,
but people like me, referred to as ants, can't be stepped on!
But! You stepped on me today and without any hesitation.
That's why. Tell me your ideal type.
I'll introduce you to someone around me.
What ideal type?
I won't be fooled once again, huh?
But, since you're wondering, I'll tell you.
My ideal type is...
A guy that has a stable job and
brings back the monthly salary to me.
That's a wide range,
try being specific.
A guy who can kiss well.
You are an old fox..!
And what else?
You're fooling around.
And, a person I can proudly introduce to my parents and sisters that he's my man.
And introducing me to his parents and friends, very proudly that I am his woman.
That's easy.
What easy? You jerk! Do you know how hard that is?
That's very hard. You know why?
Because he didn't do it that way,
he hid me and didn't introduce me to anyone.
That's how he could easily cheat.
"Cheater" clearly was written on his face.
A person who didn't see...
Right, I thought it was suspicious.
You always had an unpleasant look for me,
and laughed at me unpleasantly as well.
Hey you! From where on do you remember? Huh?
Hurry up and tell me. From what point on did you remember?
Everything from the beginning.
All of it? Hey! From where to
when do you remember?
What are you hiding? There was nothing to see.
Then why did you act like you didn't know? Huh?
There wasn't an advantage for me if I said it.
It would have been a waste of time for me to do it.
You should have kept it to yourself until the end.
Why should I?
That I don't know, but...erase that memory.
I wish I could too.
What does that mean? Meaning the
memory was that horrifying?
Stop overdoing it, lady.
What lady?
You must have eaten something rotten. Let's go.
Excuse me, how much is the total?
Hey! Mister!
Why are you paying?
Lady, how much is it?
$76.
Ah lady, are you ripping me off
because I'm drunk?
Why are you being childish with a
pretty boyfriend standing there?
Should I sum it up for you?
5 bottles of soju, 1 udon, 1 sushi roll, 1 eel,
1 egg roll, 1 chicken feet, 1 pork bone and 1 clam.
Why did I eat so much?
Darn it, I only have twenty bucks.
Wait, I need to go get some money from the ATM.
Keep this as ransom.
Just tell your boyfriend to pay for it.
Lady, you shouldn't live life like that, and how can I bum off him?
Lady just wait a bit.
I'll go get the money.
Your neighborhood was Boo Ham, right?
I'll go get money. You wait, Sam Shik.
Do you want to die?
Jerk, dying isn't that easy!
It's easy! It's easy, so be careful!
Always be alert, and open both your eyes!
Oh, is that right...? You were that worried for this Noon-nim?
Jerk, where are you screaming at?
Don't overdo it, just wait.
I'll go get money, Sam Shik.
Please select one of the following menu.
I already paid.
Who asked you to pay for it?
My piggy, Sam Sook. Hold on,
I'll take out money and pay for it.
Don't look!
4, 4, 4, 8.
What are you laughing at?
Hehe, it's coming out.
Why are you laughing?
Are you mocking me because
I only took out a hundred bucks?
Jerk, where are you turning your head?
Hey! Didn't you eat? Do it too if you think it's unfair.
What do we do? What do we do?
The gate is shutting down! What do we do?
Be quiet!
Hey you bastard. This is why you're unlucky for me!
Go away! Go away! You bastard!
You shouldn't have gone in there if it was nearing closing time.
I mean, don't you have any
common sense being young?
I'm sorry.
And how much alcohol did you give
to your girlfriend that she's like this?
I didn't feed it to her.
Wow, she's totally out.
Hey, you bastard.
Yeah, just hit me.
♫ Are you lonesome tonight? ♫
Like I wouldn't be able to hit?
♫Do you miss me tonight♫
What? Argh? Why the deep sigh? You don't deserve to sigh.
♫ Are you sorry we drifted apart? ♫
Whom are you sighing at after cheating on me?
♫ Does your memory stray, to a bright sunny day? ♫
Sighing?
♫ When I kissed you♫
Your love is only up to here, and you can still live well?
♫and called you sweet love. ♫
Stop playing around, you jerk! How conceited can you be?
♫ Do the chairs ♫
People like you should all die.I'm going to kill you!
♫ at your parlor seem empty? ♫
You horrible jerk! I'm going to kill you!
♫ and bare♫
♫ Do you gaze at your doorstep and picture me there? ♫
♫ Is your heart filled with pain? ♫
Right, meeting a man has nothing to do with fate,
but you still can't do it. ♫ Shall I come back again? ♫
♫  Tell me, are you lonesome tonight? ♫
♫  Tell me, dear, are you lonesome tonight? ♫
'Cause of this damn pig,
it ruined my entire dream.
Why are you here?
Because it's my house.
Wash up because you smell.
The dry cleaners will
bring your clothes soon.
You jerk, asshole! You asshole!
You jerk, who you think
you are to do this to me?
What you hit me? Asshole!
You hit me? Fine! Hit me! Hit me!
Wash up first, can't you smell?
You! Do you know what's the
worst a guy can do to a girl?
Violating a drunk girl. Plus acting like nothing had happened.
I'll teach you a lesson!
Let go you bastard!
Who would violate a girl that urinates
on top of someone's back?
You, according to your own words,
you are truthfully dirty.
Funny, don't lie!
I don't have drinking habits.
I kind of slept... peacefully.
Peacefully?
Said I talk in my sleep.
Just talking in your sleep?
No, I throw up, too,once or twice in a year.
I mean, you! President,
didn't have... luck.
Haven't you heard from the drinking buddies you use the fist a lot? That is...
That is ...
Don't smile like that.
Do you know how horrible
it makes a person feel?
Do you know how dirty you made me feel all night?
Then why did you bring me here?
Don't know where you live. You lost control of yourself,
and your cell phone battery ran out.
So why take off my clothes?
You should have let me go to sleep.
Maintenance? It's apartment 402.
I would like to request a cleaner today.
Change all the bed sheets, blankets and ventilate the place.
Oh! And please sterilize the place,
a not so clean guest had come by.
In your stomach, the sushi roll, udon,
eel, chicken feet, and mackerel.
There wasn't a worse chemical formula than that.
Taking off your clothes was a  survival instinct.
Are you a lizard, why are you cutting off my words?
And! Why aren't you talking formally to me? Why?
Jin Hun, where is this kid? Where are you
Alright jerk, you stay right there!
What happened? What did you do that?
Miss Kim is acting insanely?
What is it? What else did you do this time?
Huh? I can't live because of you!
Oh my gosh! A girl's in here.
Who's that girl that's almost naked!!
You shouldn't come without calling.  No manners...
What, manners? Did you just say manners?
Fine! You want to know how manners in the Na family work.
You come here.
President, listen to me,
Na president! Mom! Mother!
Mom, they can hear us...
Manners...
Young lady, don't you have any clothing?
Why are you like that?
Oh, because the clothes haven't come from the dry cleaners yet.
Coming to someone's house,
and dry cleaning your clothes.
Are you that close with my son?
President Na.
You can answer, Miss.
Do you have a serious relationship with my son?
Yes.
What kind of serious relationship?
I have ownership of the president,
and the president has ownership of me.
It's a deep relationship.
Why a restaurant girl? Why didn't the person report it to me!
Who's Sam Soon?
President Na, please excuse this tardiness.
Tell me first who's the Sam Soon girl
That you grabbed yesterday at the date?
It's me.
But, is she really his mother?
They don't look anything alike.
She doesn't have a mustache, but
looks exactly like a blowfish!
They're really an unpleasant mother and son.
Is she an aunt or sister?
Seriously a bizarre family.
Gyeonghuigung Dry Cleaners
Does it hurt? I'm hurt too.
It happens to be a girl who can't take care of herself?
You immature wretch,
owning your own business!
You can't distinguish betweeen heaven and earth...
and you go ahead and cheat with a girl who works for you?
Did I teach you that way?
It isn't immoral, and I'm single.
How can that be cheating?
Are you kidding?
Joking? At that meeting...
Bring her within this week for a formal greeting.
Going on blind dates and humiliating the
family reputation has been done enough.
Since you seem to like her,
let's have a meal together.
I'm not doing this because I like her.
You saw every girl as a rock for several years, and shivered
f someone even sat on your bed because you were a neat freak.
But allowing that girl to sleep on your
bed means you like her that much.
Bring her within this week.
But don't be so glad about it.
Once I see her formally and can't decipher
between a joke and a response like a child,
I will do everything in my
strength to split you two apart.
You understand? I asked if you understand?
Yes, Mother.
Aren't you eating? This is the best after drinking.
Oh! Refreshing.
You pay for this since I paid yesterday.
It's okay, you can deduct it
from my final compensation.
You're so bold at this kind of economy!
There's nothing to life. I'll just live with boldness.
Life has nothing to it, but being bold
doesn't have monthly salaries.
Yeah, can't compare this job to anything with good pay.
And I need to save money to get a
loan and open a shop or something.
Or I'll be half killed once Mom knows I quit.
Should I close my eyes just once and forget nothing happened?
He really is good looking.
How did he come from Mrs. Blowfish?
By chance... is he adopted?
Or like those famous drama prince
characters where there's a birth secret.
Fine, if the patissiere keeps changing,
there might be a disadvantage while managing the restaurant.
And rather being irresponsible, I'll forbear it. Okay?
Then, it'll be this month that I'll be accepted as a formal employee?
If too much, then starting next month?
If that's hard, then raising my income up 15%?
10%.
No?
Isn't it exhausting to go on blind dates?
Seems like you shouldn't be worried about others.
Are you seeing anyone right now?
Are you making fun of me? Huh?
I mean if I had a guy,
why would I spend my golden free day on blind dates?
You have a special skill of making fun of people.
Miss Kim Sam Soon.
Oh, Miss Kim Hee Jin...
Yes?
Should we...try dating?
Preview for Episode 3